Add a beacon proxy contract (#2411)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts: contracts/proxy/README.adoc

Upgradeability is implemented in the {UpgradeableProxy} contract, although it provides only an internal upgrade interface. For an upgrade interface exposed externally to an admin, we provide {TransparentUpgradeableProxy}. Both of these contracts use the storage slots specified in https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1967[EIP1967] to avoid clashes with the storage of the implementation contract behind the proxy.

> An alternative upgradeability mechanism is provided in <<UpgradeableBeacon>>. This is a pattern that was popularized by Dharma, whereby the proxy contract doesn't hold the implementation address in storage like {UpgradeableProxy}, but the address of a {UpgradeableBeacon} contract, which is where the implementation address is actually stored and retrieved from. The reason a project may want to use this pattern is that multiple proxies can be upgraded in a single transaction if they all share the same beacon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An alternative upgradeability mechanism is provided in <<UpgradeableBeacon>>. This pattern, popularized by Dharma, allows multiple proxies to be upgraded to a different implementation in a single transaction. In this pattern, the proxy contract doesn't hold the implementation address in storage like {UpgradeableProxy}, but the address of a {UpgradeableBeacon} contract, which is where the implementation address is actually stored and retrieved from. The `upgrade` operations that change the implementation contract address are then sent to the beacon instead of to the proxy contract, and all proxies that follow that beacon are automatically upgraded.
```

Rephrased to move the motivation to the beginning of the paragraph.
